---
layout: post
title: "Study Diary 2016-08"
tags: [study diary, 학습일지]
comments: true
---


## 8/2 Tuesday
August just began! :) From this month, I am going to try to write this blog in English! (Um.. only for this section - study diary - now.. but anyway, you know, "well begun is half done!")

Last week, I watched a movie clip. This is about an old Korean woman who started practicing English when she was about 70 years old! She was almost 77 years old in the clip, and she had been learning English by watching movies without subscript, EVERYDAY (for almost 10 years)! Thus, her English was very fluent and communication with natives was no problem to her. Actually, I was very shocked because I am the one who believed, for old people, it is almost impossible to learn another language. But after watching her, my stereotype is broken completely, and my passion for English is awoken! This is why I decide to try write this blog in English. 

####Anyway, today I learned,
These are very basic rules in OOP, but in my real work, it is easy to forget the rules. 

- I registered a bean independently, which has dependency with another bean. Then I connected two beans using annotation `@Resource`. But, I should have use `<property>` tag like this... (since the property bean was registered only for the bean `a`)

```language-xml
<bean id="a" class="A">
    <property name="b">
        <util:list value-type="java.lang.String">
            <value>foo</value>
            <value>bar</value>
        </util:list>
    </property>
</bean>
```
(In my work, the property bean was list bean so I used `<util:list>` tag)

- I set the String list with hard coding, but I had to use `<ref>` tag for avoid duplication! 

On my way home, I met ex-coworker who has lots of experience compared to me. Since I was newbie and he was senior engineer, he had given lots of advices to me during we were in the same team. Today, I shared my struggle these days, and he gave me an advice! 

**"Don't be afraid of asking questions, even if you were senior worker!"**

Actually, I was worrying about future. These days, there is no problem to asking a question. But if I ask questions when I became senior engineer, I thought people are going to have a disappoint to me. After he listened my worry, he advised like above. And he added, "even though I have 10 years experience, I am new some other fields. So it is obvious to ask a question to expert in that fields. I often ask questions even now!" After I heard his story, the fear is disappeared. Yes, asking a question is not shameful, but is brave since it is behavior that admits my vulnerability. I appreciate to my ex-coworker, and thank my Lord for letting me meet him.
